Let us in this fall. Ladies and gentlemen, when these guys are dreaming the men who die next to you, but there is, I can thank you. It's great honor to have you here in the history of our country to watch a corrupt city president had his top political opponent arrested on fake and fabricated charges of which he and numerous other presidents would be guilty right in the middle of a presidential election in which he's losing very badly. This is called election interference in yet another attempt to Reagan steal a presidential election. More importantly, it's a political persecution, like something straight out of a fascist or a communist nation. This time will go down and infamy. Joe Biden will forever be remembered as not only the most corrupt president of the history of our country, but perhaps even more importantly, the President, together with the band of his closest thugs, misfits and Marxists, tried to destroy American democracy. But they will fall bigger and better. President of the United States under the crime, 400 years in prison for possessing presidential papers, which just about any other president has done, is one of the most outrageous and vicious legal fees ever put forward in an American court of law. The Espionage Act has been used to go after traders and spouse. It has nothing to do with a former president legally keeping his own documents as President, but very simply, the Presidential Records Act, which is not even mentioned in this ridiculous 44 page indictment under the Presidential Records Act, which is civil, not criminal. I never like to have these documents. The crucial legal precedent is the most important case ever on the subject, known as the Clinton Socks case. After leaving, the Clinton kept 79 audio types in the sock draw. They included discussions of US military involvement in Haiti, discussions of US foreign policy about defense and offense against Cuba, recognitions of President Clinton's, conversations with the many foreign leaders at the time. Think of that. Sensitive facts about negotiations taken from presidential briefings, discussions with the Secretary of State, conflict in Bosnia, and much, much more. Very big stuff. Not only was Bill Clinton never even considered for a criminal prosecution based on the types he took, but when he was sued for them, he won the case. Judge Amy Berman Jackson's decision states under the statutory scheme established by the Presidential Records Act, the decision to segregate personal materials from presidential records is made by the President during the President's terms and in the President's sole discussion. Any normal administration, even an opposing one, would consider that to be the end, but not the corrupt Biden administration. Bashat's decision, as it's known, also states, quote The National Archives and Records Administration, or Narrator, does not have the authority to designate material as Presidential records. Narrow does not have the tapes in question, and narrow lacks any right, duty or means to seize control of them. This is law. The President enjoys unconstrained authority to make decisions regarding the disposal of documents that's unconstrained. To make that decision, neither the archivist nor Congress has the authority to veto the President's decision. The Presidential Records Act does not confer any mandatory or even discretionary authority on the activist to concentrate records under the statute. This responsibility is left solely to the President of the United States. Think of that. That's the decision. Think of that. Just think of that. In other words, whatever document the president decides to take with him, he has the right to do so. It's an absolute right. This is the law. And that is something that people have now seen. And it couldn't be more clear. They would have dropped this case immediately because we're destroying. And this is why no other president, even those who kept far more documents than has ever been even investigated, let alone charged with a crime, because the salmon document put forward by the Biden administration included stage photographs of boxes at My. Many people have asked me why I wrote these boxes. Why did you want them? The answer, in addition to having every word under the Presidential Records Act, is that these boxes were containing all types of personal belongings, many, many things, ships and seas and everything, and can be seen in the picture where someone might be dumped. One of the very neatly arranged boxes all over the floor. They were full of newspapers, press flippings, thousands of pictures, thousands and thousands of White House pictures. The White House photographers, they took so many pictures and received all of them in the windows, boxes, clothing, memorabilia, and much, much more. I hadn't had a chance to go through all the boxes. It's a long, tedious job, takes a long time, which I was prepared to do, but I have a very busy life, so I've had a very busy life. They make it more busy because you're always fighting. And under the SoC's decision, there seemed to be no rust. I wasn't in a rust because that decision was law. The other picture that was so violent, you remember that one was angry and corrupt was the photo stage by the FBI and those that rated My lago. They were putting documents all over the floor. Remember their famous picture all over said confidential, said presidential, said all sorts of things, and it was supposed to be there, like it was that way when they wanted it wasn't that way they put them they took the picture and released it illegally to the press. They took my medical records, my passport, my birth certificate, and apologized. They even brought a safe cracker. This is a professional they're building to My Lager, and they broke into my safe. And you know what they found? Nothing. There was nothing there. Nothing. According to the Presidential Records Act, which was a big deal I was supposed to negotiate with now, which is exactly what I was doing until my gun turning FBI agents. I have security types of it. I gave them security types of everything. It's like when violation of the fourth amendment of the constitution, which protects the right against unreasonable search and seizure. You covered very well, I must say. Very well. I'm not the one who thinks I'm above the law. I'm the one that followed the law. It's Joe Biden and his corrupt department of injustice who think they are above the law. Never before have their true standards of justice in our country been most darkly revealed. Joe Biden had troves of glass of documents from his time as vice president and even as a senator, which was completely and totally illegal. You have to see his response. There's no way that's terminally illegal took him as a senate. They were struck when they found out they actually thought it was impossible to do. Biden sent 1850 boxes to the university of Delaware, making the search very, very difficult for anybody. And he refuses to give them up, and he refuses to let people even look at them, and then they see how he's behaving so nicely. Many of Biden's classified documents were in Chinatown, DC. Chinatown, which is shocking considering his family received so much money from China. I wonder how many times the friends of arson family review these documents. Chinatown DC. Others were insecured at his so called pen biden center in Washington, which paid Biden approximately $1 million a year of money supposedly coming from China. And still other classified documents were screamed all over his garage floor with his male famous corvette. There was no security and the door was left open, most of the time was open. All of those classified documents, all of those documents screwed all over the floor, piled up like junk. Unlike me, who had absolute declassification authority as president, joe Biden's vice president had no authority to declassify and no right to possess the documents. He had no right. Instead of falling under the presidential records act, biden's actions act, which has very, very tough criminal penalties, yet nothing happens to crooked door. Nothing happened. Have you heard anything about the big search for his documents? Most infamously of all, Hillary Clinton set up an illegal private server in her basement. You may have assumed with the deliberate intention of violating public information law so she could hide her pay for play standards at the Clinton foundation store, whatever. Hillary stored vast quantities of classified and sensitive information on her. Some of it happened to Anthony Winner's computer, into his computer, you don't want to be on his computer. And all of it was illegal because thankfully she was never president. She didn't have the powers to defrance her. Thank you. She didn't have the powers to defrance her. It's a big difference and neither did you. Have your mind. Have a good a little bit cooler than around pretty hot. Thank you. Happy birthday. You charged with there were 400 years approximately if you add them all up. Thank you, darling. We're going to make it into the greatest birthday of all. When caught, Hillary then deleted an answered west. Nobody does that because of the expense, but it's pretty conclusive. 33,000 emails and defiance of a congressional subpoena already launched. The subpoena was there and she decided to delete answer the lunch and then smash and destroy her cell phones with a hammer. And then they say participate in obstruction. Think of it. That's called obstruction. There's never been obstruction as grave as that. She did this in the face of everything and yet nobody did anything about it. The FBI and the DOJ protected her, did not issue subpoenas, did not use a grand jury, did not execute search warrants and then the corrupt head of the FBI, James Comey declared no reasonable prosecutor would bring a case. Can you believe it? There was just one of many items hillary Clinton broke the law and she didn't get indicted. Joe Biden broke the law and in many other ways we're finding out so far has not gotten indicted. I did everything right and they indicted me. But you know, we're serving as a great example in the case of Bill Clinton's national security advisor. Remember that Sandy Berger, he was caught stealing classified documents from the nation, very big ones, very important ones by stuck into them in his pants that's pretty and putting them also in his socks and he destroyed them and cut the paper with scissors. Cut them all up. What Burger did was highly illegal, but he was given nothing happened. There were countless other examples. Bill Clinton who happened to like hard to believe that before I did this I was a few culture in a little bit more as an advisor in the 2016 election you said you better get to Wisconsin, you're going to lose no amount. You better get to Michigan, you're going to lose more than that they did. Bill Clinton lost the nuclear codes and absolutely nothing was done about him. Lost the nuclear codes. The George W. Bush White House lost 22 million emails per record. Narrow cannot assure a complete transfer of any of the birth records. The documents living truck was started on the way to dick chain sales. Can you imagine? Hillary Clinton took hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of furniture, china, flatware runs and more from the White House. How about if Trump did that? Do you think Trump did a problem? The horrific violations of my rights by crooked Joe Biden's weaponized department of injustice are unthinkable. Unthinkable has happened so bad for our country. Democrats all they lawlessly pierced my attorney client privilege with lawyers. What they did to lawyers, what they have done to our lawyers, all of our lawyers, they've done things that were absolutely horrible and unthinkable. The leaking has been unbelievable and highly illegal. The leak we learned more about from the Washington Post, New York Times about the DOJ's boxes hoax. It's a boxes hoax. Than from prosecutors themselves. We want to read about it. To pick up the Washington Post which is not doing well. Will you pick up the media post? But it's not supposed to be that way. We want to learn from the towns. We want to learn from leaks. We want to learn from the people. Supposed to learn from Washington. But we learned nothing about the Biden bribery scheme or Special Counsel Robert Harris investigation. Robert Harris during the Biden investigation he's a very respected very nice person. Very nice person. Minds. Mexican. Deranged. Lunatic. Which are many times the magnitude of ours in both mental and civility. That's the prosecutor that they gave. He totally exonerated Mike Pence. I'm happy about that. Mike did nothing wrong. But he happened to have but they exonerated him. And Biden is a different phrase so much. You have to really think about what I said as a senator who took all those documents and some president did. The prosecutor in the case is a thug. I've named him Deranged Jack Smith. I wonder what his name used to be. Jack Smith. What's his name? Jack Smith. He's a very nice man. He's a behind the scenes guy. But his record is absolutely atrocious. He does political hip jobs. He's been known to viciously arrest a certain governor you know the Governor of Virginia and absolutely ruined his life on behalf of his family. All these wonderful family members. I knew them only to have the case overturned. 18 nothing by the Supreme Court. He destroyed that man and he destroyed that family. By the way. I will tell you I'm here and I love you all. And we can take but what these subs had done to my family is a disgrace. What they did to my family and that young man right there he's answered more subpoenas than any human being in the history of the world. And you know what? They have nothing. After all of those subpoenas literally thousands of them. Congress, fake councils. Mueller report. All of this. All he did is answer subpoenas all the time. Congratulations. But Eric is fantastic. And what he and Don what they've gone through and these are serious people. But what he's done to my family what they have done to my family is horrible. He also tried to railroad John Edwards on a completely bogus legal theory that didn't hold up in court. It's no wonder this raging litech was shipped off to the head to prosecute war criminals using globalist tribunals. Might be holding to the Constitution or the rule of law. Two things jack Smith clearly disputes. You take a look at this guy. He looks like a thug. But then he watched Jamaica speech label and he was trembling because it wasn't his territory. He feels much safer in the inner sanctums of the Department of Injustice where he can be in his room and scream at people. He's a raging and uncontrolled campaigner, as is his wife, who also happened to be the producer of that, michelle Obama. Don't forget, this persecution is being done by the same weaponized agencies that for seven years have been running illegal psychological warfare campaigns against the american people, much as if they were trying to destabilize a foreign country. From the rucker recurring hopes to the no collusion mueller witch hunt to impeachment hopes. Number one, impeachment hopes number two, the 51 lying intelligence that they held up then they said it's mostly disinformation, and they knew it wasn't. It's made about, according to some of the great posters that are right here, made from anywhere from a ten to 17 point difference. And yet we still got more votes than any sitting president in history in the second election. And we actually did much better in the second election than we did in the first election. The fake dossier paid for by the democrats. How about the fake dossier? Remember that one? Think that was easy to go home and say, hello, darling, how are you? When they read about that spying on my campaign. We caught them spying in my campaign. The FBI twitter files and so much more. It's all been a battle of disinformation, one thing after the other, and all to protect the radical left mischief. It's also no coincidence that these charges against Ukraine the very same day, evidence revealed joe biden took a $5 million bribe from Ukraine. Took a $5 million but the FBI and the justice department don't even want to talk about it. They showed something on television tonight. It had zero time on the three major networks impeachment heads almost all the time. They had 351 minutes. They had no minutes. Okay, I think a lot of people are going to I will tell you, I just left miami, and I've never seen love in the states like that. We've seen a lot of love. I've never seen love like this, because they know what we all go through. They know what we've gone through, and they see it, and they're smart. And many of those people coming from cuba, venezuela, other countries, they've seen this happening to their countries. I used to say that the United states, if it keeps going this way, it's going to be Venezuela on steroids. And now we're buying oil from Venezuela. Can you believe we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation? But we're buying power from venezuela, and we're refining it in eastern, the dirtiest, worst oil probably anywhere in the world. And we're refining it so you can imagine what's going up to deal with all beautiful stuff we're not taking out of the ground and making a lot of money and paying off debt and reducing taxes to further, which we are in the process of doing. They want to distract from the real espionage and the real crime. So let's use president trump to do so. Let's come out and let's invite president trump so they don't talk about the $5 million bill. Just yesterday, senator grassley revealed that the parisian executive who allegedly paid the bribe reportedly has crooked deal on tape. There's 17 tapes. I understand he must be a nice guy to deal with. That the guy from Barisma nice company. They got him and hunter in 17 different tapes, supposedly, but the FBI isn't showing them. Remember, they impeached me for asking a simple question about biden's corrupt rulings in Ukraine, and now they seem that once again, I was right. I was right. Joe biden and the radical left can take foreign bribes and be totally protected. Republicans all you must finally get tough. You got to get tough. You got to get tough and you got to slow when you arrest your leading political opponent. We no longer have a democracy. When people are allowed to pour through our open borders and our elections are rigged, our country is in very serious trouble. When inflation is allowed to rage, when energy independence and dominance we have independence and dominance, we're going to be seen very, very dominant. Within six months, we were going to dominate the whole world with energy maker fortune. We were going to be paying off debt and lowering taxes at a level that nobody had ever seen. And they came in and they ended. But when that's taken away from us, when interest rates and taxes spiral upward in an uncontrolled way, when murders are allowed to roam murders these are horrible killers are allowed to roam the streets of a democrat run cities unchecked. But the incompetent district attorney in new york indicts trump for a crime that everybody agrees, every pundit, everybody. There is no crime. But murderers go out and nobody ever even comes and knocks them out. And they know they're there and they know their rooms and they know their locations, and they're roaming their cities all over, and some of them are coming in right north borders. But then you have a nation that, as we are, is in serious, serious decline. We're the nation serious decline. If the communists get away with this, it won't stop with me. They will not hesitate to ramp up their persecution of christians, pro life activists, parents attending school board meetings, and even future republican candidates, which they do. We must end it permanently, and we must end it immediately. So important. It's broken. The sea is broken. They want that done. They should never blame this is an unwritten rule. You just don't unless it's real. Things more broken. In addition to closing the border and removing all of the criminal elements that have illegally invaded our country, making America energy independent and even dominant again, and immediately ending the war between Russia and Ukraine having ended in 24 hours, I will appoint a real special prosecutor to go after the most corrupt president of the history of the United States of America. Joe Biden and the entire Biden crime family name is special prosecutors and all others involved with the destruction of our elections, our borders, and our country itself. They're destroying our country. And when I'm reelected, and we will get reelected, I will totally obliterate the deep state. We will obliterate. We know who they are. I know exactly who they are. They want to take away my freedom. Because I will never let them take away my freedom. They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. They want you silence. And I am the only one that can save this nation. Because you know they're not coming after me. They're coming after you. And I just happen to be standing in their way. And I will never be moving. On November 5, 2024, justice will be done. We will take back our country. And we will make America great again. Thank you. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you. We only.